---
layout: post
title:  "Top 10 Things To Do in Singapore"
date:   2017-05-17 12:11:53 +0150
permalink: /post-1/
categories: jekyll update
image: /assets/images/4.jpg
fbcomments: yes
---


<h2>1. Marina Bay </h2>
Singapore's famed Marina Bay is the place to go to see the city's most spectacular side. With the fast development of this cosmopolitan city-state, the whole Marina Bay area has undergone a transformation of epic proportions. The S$5.5 billion Marina Bay Sands complex is the focal point of the bay, and many of the great things to do and see in the area revolve around this epic building and resort, such as the Science Museum, Casino and various shopping, dining and nightlife options. Arrive at Marina Bay around 20:00 to catch the spectacular light show, which illuminates the water as well as several icon landmarks you've probably seen on the postcard.

<h2>2. Clarke Quay </h2>
This delightful riverside development is packed full of bustling bars and restaurants, boutique shops and pumping nightclubs, attracting a steady stream of tourists alongside Singapore’s party animals. Clarke Quay’s location takes full advantage of the picturesque body of water that emerges from the city’s main river, with alfresco-style dining to be had in an endless number of eateries set around the water’s edge. Head under the futuristic, jelly-like roof and you’ll find some great shopping options as well as a plentiful supply of bars, making this a real bar-hoppers’ heaven.

<h2>3. Universal Studios Singapore </h2>
Universal Studios Singapore is the first amusement park of its kind to open in Southeast Asia. The park has more than 20 attractions in themed zones including the Lost World, Ancient Egypt, New York, Hollywood, Madagascar and Far Far Away (remember Shrek?). Regarding the rides, two are water themed and five are thrilling roller coasters of which two of are currently the world's tallest ‘dueling’ roller coasters. Families with small children can also make the most of the kids’ roller coaster and a merry-go-round too

<h2>4. Gardens by the Bay </h2>
Gardens by the Bay is a huge, colourful, futuristic park in the bay area of Singapore; and has been crowned World Building of the year at the world Architecture Festival 2012. The famous Supertree structures offer an impressive skywalk over the gardens, over-sized seashell-shaped greenhouses recreate chilly mountain climates and there are hundreds of trees and plants to discover, making this destination great fun for both kids and adults. 